Project: Online Music Site in PHP with source code
About Project
Online Music Site is developed using PHP, CSS, and JavaScript. Talking about the project, it contains an admin side and a user where a user can view available albums and play the music easily. Additional, the admin plays an important role in the management of this system. In this project, the user has to perform all the main functions from the admin side.

About System
Talking about the features of the Online Music Site, the user can simply view all the new releases, top 6 songs with rankings, news, featured songs, vote their favorite song and listen to the song. The users can simply view all the albums and click any one of them to listen their songs.

Admin Panel
From the admin panel, the admin has full access to the system. He/she can manage all the music albums. In order to add albums, the admin has to select category, name, singer, writer, description and cover photo. The admin can also add album categories. Besides, he/she can simply add songs to the existing album records. It also contains user management system for the easy management of the system.

Design of this project is pretty simple so that the user won’t find any difficulties while working on it. Online Music site in PHP helps the user in managing albums. To run this project you must have installed virtual server i.e XAMPP on your PC (for Windows). Online music site in PHP with source code is free to download, Use for educational purposes only! For the project demo, have a look at the video below.

Admin panel
Featured songs
New release
Play music
Poll system
Manage album
Manage categories
User management system
How To Run??

Firstly, after starting Apache and MySQL in XAMPP, follow the following steps

1st Step: Extract file
2nd Step: Copy the main project folder
3rd Step: Paste in xampp/htdocs/

Now Connecting Database

4th Step: Open a browser and go to URL “http://localhost/phpmyadmin/”
5th Step: Then, click on the databases tab
6th Step: Create a database naming “ dbmis ” and then click on the import tab
7th Step: Click on browse file and select “dbmis .sql” file which is inside “DATABASE” folder
8th Step: Click on go.

After Creating Database,

9th Step: Open a browser and go to URL “http://localhost/mis/”

For Admin Panel

Simply click on Admin’s Login

Provide the username and password which is provided inside the “Readme.txt” file.

LOGIN DETAILS ARE PROVIDED IN “Readme.txt” FILE INSIDE THE PROJECT FOLDER
Got stuck or need help customizing Online Music Site as per your need, go to our PHP tutorial or just sign up to ask your questions in the forum or just comment down below and we will do our best to answer your question ASAP.