About Project
Online Examination System is developed using PHP, CSS, bootstrap, and JavaScript. Talking about the project, it contains an admin side from where a user can take and manage exams easily. The Admin plays an important role in the management of this system. In this project, the user has to perform all the main functions from the Admin side.

About System
Talking about the features of the Online Examination System, the user can register new examinee. For this, the user has to provide name details, gender, department, email, and mobile number. The admin can also view exam details and add exams by providing exam description, starting and ending date and duration.

Besides, the user can manage questions for the examination. He/she can add and view the question set. In order to add questions, the user has to enter exam description, question description, multiple choice options, and a correct answer. It also contains user management for easy management of the system. Other features inlude system log, activity log and manage status.

Design of this project is pretty simple so that the user won’t find any difficulties while working on it. Online Examination System in PHP helps the user in taking and managing online exams easily. To run this project you must have installed virtual server i.e XAMPP on your PC (for Windows). Online Examination System in PHP with source code is free to download, Use for educational purposes only! For the project demo, have a look at the GIF below.

Login System
Manage Examinee, Exam, Questions
User management system
System log
Activity log
Manage status
How To Run??
After Starting Apache and MySQL in XAMPP, follow the following steps

1st Step: Extract file
2nd Step: Copy the main project folder
3rd Step: Paste in xampp/htdocs/

Now Connecting Database

4th Step: Open a browser and go to URL “http://localhost/phpmyadmin/”
5th Step: Then, click on the databases tab
6th Step: Create a database naming “cman” and then click on the import tab
7th Step: Click on browse file and select “cman.sql” file which is inside “DATABASE” folder
8th Step: Click on go.

After Creating Database,

9th Step: Open a browser and go to URL “http://localhost/onexam/”

Provide the username and password which is provided inside the “Readme.txt” file.

LOGIN DETAILS ARE PROVIDED IN “Readme.txt” FILE INSIDE THE PROJECT FOLDER
Got stuck or need help customizing Online Examination System as per your need, go to our PHP tutorial or just sign up to ask your questions in the forum or just comment down below and we will do our best to answer your question ASAP.